#Homework

##Make sure you are working in your own folder before beginning the assignment

---

###Objectives

- Practice working with hashes and arrays
- Practice working methods
- Practice accessing information in nested collections



**Take 15 minutes before beginning each part of tonight's assignment to plan out your algorithms and what data types you might want to use to solve the problems**

##Part 1

### Celsius Temperature Converter
- Create a new file called temperature.rb
- Write `convert_to_fahrenheit` and `convert_to_kelvin` methods that will each take a temperature in Celsius as a parameter and return the converted temperature.
- Once you have these methods written, a program that does the following:
  - The user should be asked to enter a temperature in Celsius
  - The user should be asked to enter if they want to convert the temperature to Fahrenheit or Kelvin
  - After these have been entered, the user should be told what the converted temperature is

#####Bonus
- Expand your temperature converter so that you can convert a temperature from any temperature scale (C, F, K) to any temperature scale (C, F, K) as determined by the user.
-  If you get this working, **think** about ways you could refactor your code to make it either simpler or more readable. Don't try to refactor until you have completed all parts and gotten them to work.

##Part 2
**Again, take a couple minutes to plan out the problem on paper before you start to code.**
### Magician
- Create a file called magician.rb
- Create a hash for a person whose name is "David Copperfield" whose hometown is "Metuchen" and store it in a variable called person1
- Create a hash for a person whose name is "Syphilis Rivendell" whose hometown is "Brooklyn" and store it in a variable called person2
- Create a hash for a dog whose name is "Sparky" whose hometown is "Manhattan" and store it in a variable called dog
- Write a `say_persons_name` function that takes a person hash as a parameter and prints out what their name is and where they are from
- Write a `say_dogs_name` function that takes a dog hash as a parameter and prints out "Woof" what their name is and then "Woof" again
- Write a `do_magic` function that takes a person hash as a parameter and prints out what their name is and the statement that they are doing a magic trick
- Call the say_persons_name function with person1 as a parameter
- Call the say_persons_name function with person2 as a parameter
- Call the say_dogs_name function with dog as a parameter
- Call the do_magic function with person1 as a parameter

##Part 3

###Nested Collections
######Make a new file called hash_answer.md and track your responses there (_write the method that you would use for each_).
**Given the following data structure:**

```
h = {0 => "Zero", 1 => "One", "two" => 2, 2 => "Two", :array => ["high", 5, "mr", "bob"]}
```

1. How would you return the string "One"?
2. How would you return the string "Two"?
3. How would you return the number 2?
4. How would you add {3 => "Three"} to the hash?
5. How would you add {:four => 4} to the hash?
6. How would you remove {1 => "One"} from the hash?
7. How would you return the number 5?
8. How would you add the number 6 to that same array?

**Given the following data structure:**

```
nested = [ [1,2,3,4], ["a","b","c","d"], {"apples" => "oranges", :peas => "carrots"} ]
```

1. How would you return the number 3?
2. How would you return the string "a"?
3. How would you add the string "e" to the letter array?
4. How would you delete the number 4 from the array?
5. How would you return the string "oranges"?
6. How would you change the string "carrots" to "snow peas"?

## Part 4
###MOAR METHODS

**Create a new file called moar_methods.rb**

1. Write a method that takes an array as input and returns "thanks for the sweet array!".

2. Modify this method to return the last element in the array.

3. Modify this method to return the middle element in the array.

4. Modify this method to take a second argument. Replace the middle element with the value of this argument. Puts the new array. Return the new array.

5. Modify this method to take a 3rd argument. This represents what index to replace in the array with the new element. Return the new array.

6. Add error handling. In case of an error, return false.