#Homework

### Objectives
* Practice using conditionals, user-input, datatypes
* Run your .rb files on the command line, from your folder

```
ruby calculator.rb
ruby madlibs.rb
```


###Part 1 - Calculator

* You will be building a calculator.  A calculator can perform multiple arithmetic operations.  Your calculator should allow the user to choose which operation to perform, enter in the values to perform the operation on, and ultimately view the result. 
* You should make git commits as you finish each phase, so you can see the history

#####Phase 1
* The calculator can add two numbers together and return the result.

#####Phase 2
* The calculator can subtract two numbers and return the result.

#####Phase 3
* The calculator can multiply two numbers and return the result.

#####Phase 4
* The calculator can divide two numbers and return the result.


#####Phase 5 (Bonus)
* Add more functionality to your calculator
	* Try adding the ability to calculate exponents
	* Try adding the ability to perform Trigonometric functions (sin, cos, tan)


###Part 2 - Mad Libs

* You will be building a Mad Libs generator in ruby. A [Mad Lib](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mad_Libs) is a game where you prompt someone for a list of words, then substitute those words into a story template. Your generator should accept user input, substitute the input into the story template, and print out the story at the end for the user to read.
* Use the template below as a guide.

#####Phase 1
* The generator accepts a list of different types of words (_verb, noun (plural), color, number, adjective, name, proper noun_).

#####Phase 2
* The generator substitutes the words into story

#####Phase 3
* The generator prints out the story for the user

#####Phase 4 (Bonus)
* Make it restart like the calculator so that the user don't always have to re-run the Mad Lib app.
* Make multiple templates, and ask the user what type of story they want to create


######Template

```
Never -VERB- a bear before you go to bed. I did last night and all night there were -NOUN (PLURAL)- floating around in my head, dancing around like little -COLOR- Pokemon. One Pokemon, two Pokemon, -NUMBER- Pokemons. All I could think was 'Will I ever be the very best?' I guess I could be as -ADJECTIVE- as the greats that came before me. ASH! MISTY! -NAME- ! But alas, only time will tell if I will ever become an amazing -PROPER NOUN-. But for now, I'll just try to learn Ruby. 
```



